Sony History
In 1946, Tokyo Tsushin Kogyo K.K. (Tokyo Telecommunications Engineering Corporation, The predecessor of Sony Group Corporation) started as a small company with capital of just 190,000 yen and approximately 20 employees. Founder Masaru Ibuka said the purpose of setting up the company was to "establish an ideal factory that stresses a spirit of freedom and open mindedness that will, through technology, contribute to Japanese culture." Symbolizing Sony's spirit of challenge to "do what has never been done before," the company has continued to release countless "Japan's first" and "world's first" products.
Founder Prospectus
During the war, I worked at Japan Precision Instrument Co. with a number of engineers testing and producing new military equipment. We worked so hard that we literally forgot to sleep or eat. After the war and dissolution of the company, about 20 of these dedicated and truly worthy engineers joined me to start Tokyo Tsushin Kenkyujo (Tokyo Telecommunications Laboratory), for the development and production of communications equipment. The first and primary motive for setting up this company was to create a stable work environment where engineers who had a deep and profound appreciation for technology could realize their societal mission and work to their heart's content. During the war, though we were subjected to some of the poorest conditions, we tried hard to fulfill our mission. I experienced how passion together with capabilities can be driven by a profound and fascinating mission. On the other hand, I also realized what could weaken these intense motivations. Thus I began to conceive of ways for these motivated individuals to be united on a personal level, to embrace a firm cooperative spirit and unleash their technological capacities without any reserve. If this could be accomplished, the organization would bring untold pleasure and tremendous results, regardless of the meagerness of its facilities or the limited number of employees. The end of the war brought us closer to realize this dream. Not just anyone, but those with similar resolve have naturally come together to embark on this new mission with the rebirth of Japan after the war. We felt no need to discuss how to prepare ourselves for such an embankment. Based on a common understanding we had developed over time, our ship sailed off naturally. With scarce testing equipment and parts obtained from Japan Precision Instrument and capital the size of an allowance, we drew up a plan to somehow make our way through. We believed that our high aspirations and confidence coupled with our unity and technological know-how would break through any rough waves, despite the small size of our operations. Further, we began on a small scale because we were unable to foresee societal circumstances during a period when our country was facing a turning point. In addition, we realized that it would take some time for our work to be recognized and valued by the society. 
However, as we actually began our operations, we realized how much Japan urgently and indispensably required a company like ours - with technological spirit and a set of management policies. We first became aware of this strong need through the activities of the Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications, the Ministry of Transportation and other government agencies related to the field of communications.

Such activities had a direct influence on us. Due to our close ties with the Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications from the wartime, we soon began receiving large orders for vacuum-tube voltmeters and the like. In little time, proposals for new product research and requests for trial tests grew significantly. In addition, the licensing of all-wave receivers to the public rapidly increased interest in post-war radio programs and in radios themselves. This, coupled with a huge number of 'sets' (such equipment as gramophones) which were destroyed during the war, the demand for radios from our company's radio service division grew by the day. We were also receiving many requests to manufacture quality parts from cooperative university scholars, research laboratories and conscientious enterprises with similar intentions as us.
As mentioned above, the increase in demand from various customers made us more determined. Namely, we realized the importance and need to increase capital and equipment. I feel joy beyond expression that our diligent effort has produced such a great response from all levels of society and that our company has become successful in such a short period of time since its founding. I am delighted not only because this promises our company's rapid growth in the future, but because it means that the ideals we set forth coincided with the role and function a company had to play during the period of Japan's reconstruction.

Purpose of Incorporation
To establish an ideal factory that stresses a spirit of freedom and open-mindedness, and where engineers with sincere motivation can exercise their technological skills to the highest level
To reconstruct Japan and to elevate the nation's culture through dynamic technological and manufacturing activities;
To promptly apply highly advanced technologies which were developed in various sectors during the war to common households;
To rapidly commercialize superior technological findings in universities and research institutions that are worthy of application in common households;
To bring radio communications and similar devices into common households and to promote the use of home electric appliances;
To actively participate in the reconstruction of war-damaged communications network by providing needed technology;
To produce high-quality radios and to provide radio services that are appropriate for the coming new era;
To promote the education of science among the general public.


Index
1. Televisions and Home Cinema
2. Audio
3. Cameras
4. Video Cameras


Z9J BRAVIA XR, X95K BRAVIA XR, A95K BRAVIA XR, X85K, A80K BRAVIA XR, A80J BRAVIA XR, X85J

Earpods WF-1000XM4, WH-1000XM4 Over the Head Headphones, SRS-XP700 Speaker, MHC-V83D Speaker, WI-1000XM2 Wired Bluetooth Earphone

ILCE-7RM3 III Interchngable Lens Camera, ILCE-9 III Interchngable Lens Camera, ILCE-7M3 / ILCE-7M3K Interchngable Lens Camera, ILCE-7SM2 Interchngable Lens Camera

SEL400F28GM Camera Lens

FDR-AX700 Video Camera, FDR-AX43 Video Camera, HDR-CX470 Video Camera


Z9J BRAVIA XR
215 cm (85) | XR-85Z9J | BRAVIA XR | MASTER Series| Full Array LED | 8K | High Dynamic Range (HDR) | Smart TV (Google TV) | 
Price: Rs.14,99,900
World's first cognitive intelligence TV3
Our BRAVIA XR™ TV takes vision and sound to the next level with the ingenious Cognitive Processor XR. It understands how humans see and hear, providing a whole new experience that immerses you completely in the scene.
Visionary 8K pictures, as perceived by the human eye
Enjoy 8K pictures that feel deep, natural and real. Our revolutionary processor uses human perspective analysis to cross-analyse and optimise hundreds of thousands of elements in the blink of an eye. Combined with the precision of a Full Array LED panel, pictures pop from the screen with deep blacks and ultra-bright light.
Turn any sound into a truly immersive experience
Advanced speaker technology with our Cognitive Processor XR turns any sound source into an immersive sound experience. Lose yourself in cinematic surround sound and accurate sound positioning, whatever you're watching. Enjoy entertainment in a whole new way with sound and picture in perfect harmony.
Hands-free entertainment with help from Google
With hands-free help from Google, you can set aside your remote and just use your voice to control your TV. Ask Google to find a specific title, search by genre and get personalised recommendations on what to watch by saying, "Ok Google, what should I watch?" Even get answers on-screen, control smart-home devices.

A95K BRAVIA XR
164 cm (65) | XR-65A95K | BRAVIA XR | MASTER Series | OLED | 4K Ultra HD | High Dynamic Range (HDR) | Smart TV (Google TV) | Coming Soon
Next generation picture and sound with Cognitive Intelligence
Take vision and sound to the next level with Cognitive Processor XR™. Our revolutionary processor on Sony BRAVIA XR™ TVs reproduces content the way humans see and hear for an incredibly lifelike experience. It understands how the human eye focuses, cross-analysing images to give real-life depth, extraordinary contrast and beautifully vivid colours. 
Our widest palette of colours, natural and bright
The new OLED (QD-OLED) panel enables our widest palette of colours, thanks to Cognitive Processor XR™. This unique processor reproduces the natural shades and hues that humans find beautiful, filling the screen with consistently vivid colours and realistic textures at all brightness levels.
Enjoy real life depth with pure blacks and brighter colours
Pairing our XR OLED Contrast Pro and OLED (QD-OLED) panel, this TV delivers up to 200% as much colour brightness as conventional OLED TVs, bringing scenes alive with pure blacks and our brightest colours. Powered by Cognitive Processor XR™, it enhances pictures in the same way as your eyes focus so you won't miss a single detail in dazzling light or deep shadow.
Screen is the speaker, pictures and sound in harmony
Acoustic Surface Audio＋™ uses special actuators to turn the screen into a multi-channel speaker. You'll hear sound that precisely matches what's on screen, with pictures and sound in total harmony for a truly immersive experience.
Discover new ways to enjoy TV with BRAVIA CAM
You're always in the best seat in the house with BRAVIA CAM. It recognises where you're sitting and optimises the picture and sound accordingly. There's also gesture controls, video chat and many other fun, new experiences waiting to be explored
Hands-free help from Google
With hands-free voice control built into Google TV, you can set aside your remote and simply use your voice to control your TV. Ask Google to find a specific title, search by genre and get personalised recommendations on what to watch by saying, "Ok Google, what should I watch?" Even get answers on-screen, control smart-home devices

A80K BRAVIA XR
139 cm (55), 164 cm (65), 195 cm (77) | XR-55/65/77A80K | BRAVIA XR | OLED | 4K Ultra HD | High Dynamic Range (HDR) | Smart TV (Google TV) | 
Price: Rs.3,49,900 to Rs.6,99,900
Next generation picture and sound with Cognitive Intelligence
Take vision and sound to the next level with Cognitive Processor XR™. Our revolutionary processor on Sony BRAVIA XR™ TVs reproduces content the way humans see and hear for an incredibly lifelike experience. It understands how the human eye focuses, cross-analysing images to give real-life depth, extraordinary contrast and beautifully vivid colours. 
Exceptional pure blacks for real-life depth and texture
Pairing our OLED panel with XR OLED Contrast Pro, this TV boosts colour and contrast in bright areas so you can enjoy unprecedented pure blacks and peak brightness. Combined with Cognitive Processor XR™, it enhances pictures in the same way as your eyes focus so you won't miss a single detail in dazzling light or deep shadow.
Screen is the speaker, pictures and sound in harmony
Acoustic Surface Audio＋™ uses special actuators to turn the screen into a multi-channel speaker. You'll hear sound that precisely matches what's on screen, with pictures and sound in total harmony for a truly immersive experience.
Hands-free help from Google
With hands-free voice control built into Google TV, you can set aside your remote and simply use your voice to control your TV. Ask Google to find a specific title, search by genre and get personalised recommendations on what to watch by saying, "Ok Google, what should I watch?" Even get answers on-screen, control smart-home devices

A80J BRAVIA XR
139 cm (55), 164 cm (65), 195 cm (77) | XR-55/65/77A80K | BRAVIA XR | OLED | 4K Ultra HD | High Dynamic Range (HDR) | Smart TV (Google TV) | 
Price: Rs.2,49,900 to Rs.6,99,900
World's first cognitive intelligence TV2
Our BRAVIA XR™ TV takes vision and sound to the next level with the ingenious Cognitive Processor XR. It understands how humans see and hear, providing a whole new experience that immerses you completely in the scene.
Extraordinary OLED pictures, as perceived by the human eye
Enjoy breathtaking OLED contrast with pictures that feel deep, natural and real. Our revolutionary processor uses human perspective analysis to cross-analyse and optimise hundreds of thousands of elements in the blink of an eye. Combined with our unique OLED panel, this technology delivers truly lifelike pictures with ultimate pure blacks.
Turn any sound into a truly immersive experience
Advanced screen speaker technology with our Cognitive Processor XR turns any sound source into an immersive sound experience. Hear sound more clearly and accurately, whatever you're watching. Enjoy entertainment in a whole new way with sound and picture in perfect harmony.
Hands-free entertainment with help from Google
With hands-free help from Google, you can set aside your remote and just use your voice to control your TV. Ask Google to find a specific title, search by genre and get personalised recommendations on what to watch by saying, "Ok Google, what should I watch?" Even get answers on-screen, control smart-home devices
X95K BRAVIA XR
215 cm (85) | XR-85X95K| BRAVIA XR | Mini LED | 4K Ultra HD | High Dynamic Range (HDR) | Smart TV (Google TV) | Comming Soon
Next generation picture and sound with Cognitive Intelligence
Take vision and sound to the next level with Cognitive Processor XR™. Our revolutionary processor on Sony BRAVIA XR™ TVs reproduces content the way humans see and hear for an incredibly lifelike experience. It understands how the human eye focuses, cross-analysing images to give real-life depth, extraordinary contrast and beautifully vivid colours.
Scenes full of contrast and brightness, precisely controlled
Powered by Cognitive Processor XR™, the unique XR Backlight Master Drive precisely controls our latest-generation Mini LED backlight in this X95K 4K BRAVIA XR TV for brightness you can feel. You'll enjoy an unprecedented dynamic range with incredibly dazzling lights and deep blacks, as well as beautifully natural mid tones, with almost no flare or halos around highlights.
Sound from the screen, pictures and sound in harmony
Enjoy sound that precisely matches what's on screen with Acoustic Multi-Audio™ technology. Sound positioning tweeters ensure that pictures and sound are in harmony for an immersive viewing experience.
Hands-free help from Google
With hands-free voice control built into Google TV, you can set aside your remote and simply use your voice to control your TV. Ask Google to find a specific title, search by genre and get personalised recommendations on what to watch by saying, "Ok Google, what should I watch?" Even get answers on-screen, control smart-home devices

X85K
139 cm (55), 215 cm (85) | KD-55/85X95K| 4K Ultra HD | High Dynamic Range (HDR) | Smart TV (Google TV)| 
Price: Rs.3,49,900 to Rs.5,99,900
Breathtaking colours make everything so real
Over a billion colours are brought to life by TRILUMINOS PRO™ and our 4K HDR Processor X1™. With extreme contrast, everything you watch feels so real.
Super 4K resolution, whatever you're watching
See glorious 4K pictures, rich with real-world detail and texture, exclusively powered by our 4K HDR Processor X1™. Images filmed in 2K and even HD are upscaled to close to 4K levels of detail by 4K X-Reality™ PRO using a unique 4K database.
Hands-free help from Google
With hands-free voice control built into Google TV, you can set aside your remote and simply use your voice to control your TV. Ask Google to find a specific title, search by genre and get personalised recommendations on what to watch by saying, "Ok Google, what should I watch?" Even get answers on-screen, control smart-home devices

X85J
139 cm (55), 164 cm (65), 215 cm (85) | KD-55/65/85X95K| 4K Ultra HD | High Dynamic Range (HDR) | Smart TV (Google TV)| 
Price: Rs.1,39,900 to Rs.6,99,900
colours make everything so real
Over a billion colours are brought to life by TRILUMINOS PRO™ and our 4K HDR Processor X1™. With extreme contrast, everything you watch feels so real.
Clear multidimensional sound
Feel surrounded by clear, high quality sound from multiple dimensions, putting you right there inside the scene.
Experience the thrills of the cinema
See all of your favourite movies in a new way with more drama and realism on a 4K TV that's designed to create a real cinema experience at home. Dolby Vision™ brings scenes to life authentically while Dolby Atmos™ fills the room with immersive sound.
Watch what you love, control it with your voice
Your TV is now more helpful than ever. Use your voice remote to easily find your favourite movies, shows, and music. Ask Google to find a specific title, search by genre, or get personalised recommendations on what to watch by saying, "what should I watch?" Even get answers on screen, control smart-home devices
Enjoy video chat with friends and family on the big screen
Catch up with your friends and family on the big screen by connecting your TV to a camera. Compatible cameras are available from Sony, Logitech and more



WF-1000XM4 Earpods
WF-1000XM4 Wireless Noise Cancelling Headphones |
Price: Rs. 24,990
Industry-leading noise cancellation
Exceptional sound quality
Speak-to-Chat
Superior call quality
Made to fit you
Water resistance and battery life

WH-1000XM4 Over the Head Headphones
WH-1000XM4 Wireless Noise Cancelling Headphones |
Price: Rs.24,990
Advanced noise cancellation
Whether you’re flying long-haul or relaxing in a café, the WH-1000XM4 headphones deliver our advanced noise cancelling performance, keeping out even more high- and mid-frequency sounds.
The technology that makes it happen
Dual noise sensor technology, featuring two microphones on each earcup, captures ambient noise and passes the data to the HD Noise Cancelling Processor QN1. Using a new algorithm, the HD Noise Cancelling Processor QN1 then applies noise-cancelling processing in real time to a range of acoustic environments. Working together with a new Bluetooth® Audio SoC (System on Chip), it senses and adjusts to music and noise signals, as well as acoustic characteristics between the driver unit and ears, at over 700 times per second.
Ambient Sound Control
Adjust ambient sound with the Sony | Headphones Connect app to cancel noise while still allowing essential sounds, like transport announcements, through when you're listening on the move.
Wireless freedom, premium sound
LDAC transmits approximately three times more data (at the maximum transfer rate of 990 kbps) than conventional BLUETOOTH® audio, allowing you to enjoy High-Resolution Audio content in exceptional quality, as close as possible to that of a dedicated wired connection.
Sound you can believe in
A built-in analogue amplifier integrated in the HD Noise Cancelling Processor QN1 realises an unmatched signal-to-noise ratio for low distortion and exceptional sound quality for portable devices. Powerful 40-mm drivers with Liquid Crystal Polymer (LCP) diaphragms make the headphones perfect for handling heavy beats and can reproduce a full range of frequencies up to 40 kHz.
Wear all day in total comfort
WH-1000XM4 headphones blend sophisticated styling with exceptional comfort. Super-soft, pressure-relieving earpads in foamed urethane evenly distribute pressure and increase ear/pad contact for a stable fit. And with a lighter-weight design, you'll barely notice you're wearing them.
30 Hours of Battery Life

SRS-XP700 Speaker
XP700 X-Series Portable Wireless Speaker | 
Price: Rs.39,990
LIVE LIFE LOUD
Life should be lived at full volume. That means getting your friends together, turning up the music to full volume and dancing all night to a clear, rich sound. With our new X-Series range of speakers, you can make the most of every single moment, power parties you'll remember forever, and always live your life out loud.
Light up the night
Thanks to brand-new ambient lighting, you can select a variety of different lighting patterns that can bring pulsating energy to parties or soothing sombre shades to a quiet night in.
Built to last
The XP700 is designed to be durable and portable. That means that you can take the music you love wherever you go without having to worry.
Sing your heart out
Love karaoke? Then you and the XP700 will make the perfect double act. Plug in your microphone, pick a song and give it everything you've got. And don't stop at singing. With two inputs, you can even plug in a guitar and use the speaker as an amp.
Suits your style
From offering great sound in multiple layouts to charging up your smartphone, the XP700 is as stylish as it is practical.

MHC-V83D Speaker
V83D High-Power Party Speaker with BLUETOOTH® Technology | 
Price: Rs.73,990
Pack the dancefloor with stunning sound 
Dance and sing along to your favourite tracks wherever you are in your venue. With four High-efficiency Tweeters, High-efficiency Mid-range Drivers and angled Mid-range Drivers, your parties will be booming with powerful, vibrant sound and direct clear vocals to please every partygoer. 
Pack the dancefloor with stunning sound 
Dance and sing along to your favourite tracks wherever you are in your venue. With four High-efficiency Tweeters, High-efficiency Mid-range Drivers and angled Mid-range Drivers, your parties will be booming with powerful, vibrant sound and direct clear vocals to please every partygoer. 
Built to last
The XP700 is designed to be durable and portable. That means that you can take the music you love wherever you go without having to worry.
Pack the dancefloor with stunning sound 
Dance and sing along to your favourite tracks wherever you are in your venue. With four High-efficiency Tweeters, High-efficiency Mid-range Drivers and angled Mid-range Drivers, your parties will be booming with powerful, vibrant sound and direct clear vocals to please every partygoer. 
Unleash your inner pop star
Keep everyone entertained—with two microphone inputs, you and your guests can go head to head singing along to your favourite tunes. Alternatively, add a rock and roll layer by connecting a guitar to one of the inputs and using the system as a guitar amplifier. Enjoy three modes: Clean for a clear sound, Overdrive for a distorted guitar sound, and Bass for your bass guitar. And when you're finished, the unit has two microphone holders, so you can store your mics safely.

WI-1000XM2 Wired Bluetooth Earphone
WI-1000XM2 Wireless Noise Cancelling In-ear Headphones | 
Price: Rs.24,990
Industry-leading noise cancellation1 
The noise cancelling technology in the WI-1000XM2 is the most advanced ever in wireless neckband headphones, thanks to the power of our HD Noise Cancelling Processor QN1. So you can lose yourself completely in your music.
Exceptional sound quality
Packed with advanced audio technology, the WI-1000XM2 wireless noise cancelling headphones not only deliver noise-free listening but breathtaking sound quality.
Secure and comfortable
Designed to fit securely in the ear and stay there comfortably, these lightweight headphones with flexible silicone neckband are made for all-day wearing, wherever you go, whatever you do. Easily store them in a bag or case when travelling.
Automatically adjusts to whatever you do
The Sony | Headphones Connect app offers Adaptive Sound Control, a smart function that automatically detects what you're up to—such as travelling, walking or waiting—then adjusts ambient sound settings to suit the situation. You can also customize the settings to your preferences.
10 Hours of Playback Time



ILCE-7RM3 III Interchangable Lens Camera
α7R III 35 mm full-frame camera with autofocus ILCE-7RM3 | 
Price: Rs.2,32,490
A portal to unseen worlds
Together, an effective 42.4MP (approx.) image sensor and enhanced image processor can take imaging as far as adventurous imaginations allow.
Seize moments with quick precision
Doubled AF tracking effectiveness, even during continuous shooting at up to 10 fps, advances the evolution of steady, lightning-fast camera performance.
New portraiture potential
Greatly enhanced Eye AF focuses on and tracks an eye with great precision and speed, even when a subject is moving, looking down and away or is backlit.
Smooth studio workflow
SuperSpeed USB 3.1 Gen 1 enabled by a USB Type-C™ connector allows high-speed PC Remote data transfer for smooth handling of large RAW data files.
Different dimension of resolution
Pixel Shift Multi Shooting delivers overwhelming resolution, colour fidelity and texture reproduction, capturing the atmosphere of subject and environment.
More realistic movies
Movies with extraordinary presence result from innovation supporting 4K4 HDR5 images of high resolution, broad dynamic range and wide colour gamut.

SPECIFICATIONS of Alpha 7R
42.4 MP 35 mm full-frame Exmor R™ CMOS and enhanced processing system
Standard ISO 100-32000 range (upper limit expandable to 1024007)
Fast Hybrid AF with 399-point focal-plane phase-detection AF and 425-point contrast-detection AF
High-speed continuous shooting of up to 10fps14 with AF/AE tracking
5-axis image stabilisation with 5.5-stop exposure advantage
LENS COMPATIBILITY: Sony E-mount lenses
SENSOR TYPE: 35 mm full frame (35.9 x 24.0 mm), Exmor R® CMOS sensor
ISO SENSITIVITY (RECOMMENDED EXPOSURE INDEX): Still images: ISO 100-32000 (Expandable to ISO 50 to 102400), AUTO (ISO 100-12800, selectable lower limit and upper limit), Movies: ISO 100-32000 equivalent, AUTO (ISO 100-12800, selectable lower limit and upper limit)
BATTERY LIFE (STILL IMAGES): Approx. 530 shots (Viewfinder) / approx. 650 shots (LCD monitor) (CIPA standard)31
VIEWFINDER TYPE: 1.3 cm (0.5-type) electronic viewfinder (colour), Quad-VGA OLED
MONITOR TYPE: 7.5 cm (3.0-type) type TFT

ILCE-9 III Interchangable Lens Camera
Alpha 9 featuring full-frame stacked CMOS sensor | 
Price: Rs.3,07,990
A new dimension of photographic speed
A game-changing image sensor from Sony makes conventional camera mechanisms redundant, achieving speed and performance that are beyond the capabilities of mechanical devices. What's more, freedom from mechanical noise and vibration opens up a vast new world of imaging opportunities.
Driving force for full-electronic revolution
Innovative full-frame stacked CMOS sensor with integral memory 
α9 liberates you from the limits of conventional SLRs that rely on mechanical systems. The first2 to use high-speed stacked design, its 24.2-megapixel3 full-frame image sensor temporarily stores large-volume data in the integral memory for overall 20 times faster readout speed4. The combination of the CMOS sensor and the enhanced BIONZ X image-processing engine brings you true digital freedom.
[Stacked back-illuminated structure with integral memory]
(1) Pixel area (2) Integral memory (3) Hi-speed signal processing circuit (4) Image processing engine
High-speed continuous shooting at up to 20fps 5
Ground-breaking, full-frame Exmor RS CMOS sensor and BIONZ X processor team up for 20fps continuous shooting 5 with AF/AE tracking. Stunning high-speed performance and ample buffer let you capture the decisive moment.
Blackout-free shooting6
Non-mechanical electronic shutter eliminates blackout with typical SLR mirror action. An uninterrupted view of the subject is available even during shutter release, with 60fps live-view capability and minimal display lag in continuous shooting.
(A) Blackout-free shooting (B) Shooting with blackout
AF/AE calculations up to 60 times/second7
Light directly reaches the image sensor without mechanical interruption. An ingenious fusion of mirrorless construction and new speed-enhancing technologies provides AF/AE at full-frame focal plane.
(1) AF/AE calculations (2) 60 times/second (3) 20 frames/second
Electronic shutter speeds up to 1/32000 seconds8
Electronic shutter speeds up to 1/32000 seconds8 far surpass mechanical shutters for a new imaging expression. You can also maintain shallow depth of field without an ND filter, even under bright conditions.
(A mode 1/20000 seconds. F8.0 ISO 1000)
Swift, accurate and reliable AF
Now with newly developed AF features introduced in a software update11, enhanced AF ensures precise focus and consistently steady tracking.

SPECIFICATIONS of Alpha 9R
24.2-megapixel 35 mm full-frame stacked CMOS sensor with integral memory
BIONZ X™ processing engine
High-speed continuous shooting of up to 20fps with AF/AE tracking
Features both 693-point wide-area phase detection AF and 425-point contrast-detection AF11
5-axis image stabilisation with effectiveness equivalent to 5.0-stop slower shutter speed
LENS COMPATIBILITY: Sony E-mount lenses
SENSOR TYPE: 35 mm full frame (35.9 x 24.0 mm), Exmor R® CMOS sensor
NUMBER OF PIXELS (EFFECTIVE)
Approx. 24.2 megapixels
ISO SENSITIVITY (RECOMMENDED EXPOSURE INDEX): [Still images] Mechanical Shutter: ISO 100-51200 (ISO numbers up from ISO 50 to ISO 204800 can be set as expanded ISO range), AUTO (ISO 100-6400, selectable lower limit and upper limit), Electronic Shutter: ISO 100-25600 (ISO numbers up from ISO 50 can be set as expanded ISO range), AUTO (ISO 100-6400, selectable lower limit and upper limit), [Movies] ISO 100-51200 equivalent (ISO numbers up to ISO 102400 can be set as expanded ISO range), AUTO (ISO 100-6400, selectable lower limit and upper limit)
BATTERY LIFE (STILL IMAGES): Approx. 480 shots (Viewfinder) / approx. 650 shots (LCD monitor) (CIPA standard)38
VIEWFINDER TYPE: 1.3 cm (0.5 type) electronic viewfinder (colour),Quad-VGA OLED
MONITOR TYPE: 7.5 cm (3.0-type) type TFT

ILCE-7M3 / ILCE-7M3K Interchngable Lens Camera
Alpha 7 III with 35 mm full-frame image sensor | 
Price: Rs.1,67,990 to Rs.1,82,490
Gain control of expressive freedom
With outstanding imaging capability and high-speed performance contained in a compact body, the α7 III gives you the power, precision and flexibility to capture once-in-a-lifetime moments just as you like.
Rendering scenes in realistic detail
A newly developed back-illuminated image sensor and evolved image processing system fulfil various shooting needs with high-quality imaging capabilities that you would expect only of a full-frame camera.
Reducing noise in high-resolution images
Up to 1.5-stop improvement6 in image quality
Standard ISO range is extended to ISO 100-51200 (expandable to ISO 50-2048007 for stills), while Detail Reproduction and Area-specific Noise Reduction technologies maintain image details and cut noise. With highly effective performance in mid-to-high sensitivity ranges, you can shoot at high ISO with no concerns about noise and image deterioration.
Steadier shots with 5-axis stabilisation
The latest high-precision stabilisation uses stabilisation unit and gyro sensors and algorithms to achieve a 5.0-step9 shutter speed advantage in a system that compensates five types of camera shake with a wide range of lenses, and delivers excellent performance.
14-bit RAW10 output for rich gradations
For smoother, more natural gradation, the latest BIONZ X image processor and front-end LSI process image signals in 16-bit form. This processor also allows 14-bit RAW10 data output, even when in silent or continuous shooting mode11.
[1] Image sensor [2] The latest high-speed front-end LSI [a] 16-bit image processing
4D FOCUS — AF performance evolves
AF performance is improved using the same AF advancements as in the α9 and applying it optimally, so once the α7 III captures such unpredictably moving subjects as dancers, boxers, and wild animals in action, it won’t easily let them go.
Swift, accurate and reliable AF
Now with newly developed AF features introduced in a software update11, enhanced AF ensures precise focus and consistently steady tracking.

SPECIFICATIONS of Alpha 7 III
24.2MP5 35 mm full-frame CMOS sensor with back-illuminated design
Sensitivity range up to ISO 51200 (expandable to ISO 50-204800 for stills)
Fast Hybrid AF with 693 phase-detection and 425 contrast-detection AF points
High-speed continuous shooting of up to 10fps2 with AF/AE tracking
4K HDR3 4 movie recording capability
LENS COMPATIBILITY: Sony E-mount lenses
SENSOR TYPE: 35 mm full frame (35.9 x 24.0 mm), Exmor R® CMOS sensor
NUMBER OF PIXELS (EFFECTIVE)
Approx. 24.2 megapixels
ISO SENSITIVITY (RECOMMENDED EXPOSURE INDEX): Still images: ISO 100-51200 (ISO numbers up from ISO 50 to ISO 204800 can be set as expanded ISO range.), AUTO (ISO 100-12800, selectable lower limit and upper limit), Movies: ISO 100-51200 equivalent(ISO numbers up ISO 102400 can be set as expanded ISO range.), AUTO (ISO 100-12800, selectable lower limit and upper limit)
BATTERY LIFE (STILL IMAGES): Approx. 610 shots (Viewfinder) / approx. 710 shots (LCD monitor) (CIPA standard)
VIEWFINDER TYPE: 1.3 cm (0.5 type) electronic viewfinder (colour),Quad-VGA OLED
MONITOR TYPE: 7.5 cm (3.0-type) type TFT


SEL400F28GM Camera Lens
FE 400 mm F2.8 GM OSS | 
Price: Rs.1,13,490
Speed that maximises body performance
New XD (extreme dynamic) Linear Motors deliver higher thrust than conventional types, achieving up to 5x improvement2 in moving-subject tracking performance with current and future camera bodies. Two of these new motors and newly developed algorithms quietly drive the lens’s large-focus lens group faster and more precisely than ever before. The full-speed performance of advanced camera bodies can be applied to capturing dynamic sports or wildlife subjects.
Stunning G Master resolution and bokeh
Extremely high design standards ensure outstanding resolution right out to the image edges. Three fluorite elements minimise chromatic aberration. Spherical aberration is carefully controlled during design and manufacture to achieve the highest possible bokeh quality. Optional high-performance 1.4x and 2.0x tele-converters are supported3, providing outstanding resolution and contrast even at 800 mm.
Remarkably lightweight at just 2.90 g (102.2 oz)
An innovative optical design that includes three fluorite elements reduces the number of elements at the front of the lens barrel for a low weight of 2,895 grams (102.2 ounces). Durable magnesium alloy components also contribute to reduced weight. Portability and handling are outstanding and ideal balance affords agile, easy operation whether shooting handheld or on a monopod.
Durability and reliability for challenging conditions
Dust- and moisture-resistant design4 provides the reliability needed for outdoor use in harsh conditions. A durable magnesium alloy used for the lens barrel exterior, tripod mount, and interior barrel components achieves tough durability while minimising overall weight. The front lens element features a fluorine coating that helps to keep it clean while making it easier to wipe dirt and fingerprints away.
Features for professional shooting needs
Full-time DMF allows manual focus to be engaged simply by rotating the focus ring, even while shooting in AF-C mode. Optical image stabilisation is built in and a new Mode 35 setting features an advanced algorithm that provides optimum stabilisation for dynamic sports action while also making framing easier. Four focus-hold buttons and a focus ring with Linear Response MF further enhance versatility.
4D FOCUS — AF performance evolves
AF performance is improved using the same AF advancements as in the α9 and applying it optimally, so once the α7 III captures such unpredictably moving subjects as dancers, boxers, and wild animals in action, it won’t easily let them go.
Swift, accurate and reliable AF
Now with newly developed AF features introduced in a software update11, enhanced AF ensures precise focus and consistently steady tracking.

SPECIFICATIONS of FE400mm Lens
Premium G Master series large-aperture super telephoto lens
Newly developed XD Linear Motor for extremely fast, precise, quiet AF
Three fluorite lenses for outstanding resolution
Sony Nano AR Coating to eliminate flare and ghosting
Full-time DMF and other features support professional shooting needs
MINIMUM FOCUS DISTANCE: 2.7 m (8.86 ft)
MAXIMUM MAGNIFICATION RATIO (X): 0.16
FILTER DIAMETER (MM): 40.5 (slot-in)
WEIGHT: 2895 g (102.2 oz.)

ILCE-7SM2 Interchangable Lens Camera
α7S II E-mount Camera with Full-Frame Sensor | 
Price: Rs.1,74,490 
Supreme light sensitivity
Sensitivity to ISO 4096004 and wide dynamic range refine stills/movies.
High-quality 4K movie recording
Delivers full pixel readout5 with no binning in full-frame format.
5-axis optical image stabilisation
Ensures stable expression of stills and movies using various lenses.
169-point Fast Intelligent AF
This fast, accurate AF system performs reliably in light as low as EV (Exposure Value) -4.
Pro-level movie functions
Advanced features such as S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3 and 120fps Full HD recording support professional workflow.

SPECIFICATIONS of Alpha 7S
35 mm full frame (35.6 x 23.8 mm), Exmor® CMOS sensor
BIONZ X™ image processing engine
4K movie recording featuring full pixel readout without pixel binning
5-axis optical image stabilisation minimises blur
Fast Intelligent AF with enhanced speed and accuracy
LENS COMPATIBILITY: Sony E-mount lenses
SENSOR TYPE: 35 mm
SENSOR: 35 mm full frame (35.6 x 23.8 mm), Exmor® CMOS sensor
NUMBER OF PIXELS (EFFECTIVE): 12.2 MP
ISO SENSITIVITY (RECOMMENDED EXPOSURE INDEX): ISO 100-102400
BATTERY LIFE (STILL IMAGES): Approx. 310 shots (viewfinder) / Approx. 370 shots (LCD screen) (CIPA standard)
VIEWFINDER TYPE: 0.5-type electronic viewfinder (colour OLED)
MONITOR TYPE: 7.5 cm (3.0 type) TFT drive



FDR-AX700 Video Camera
FDR-AX700 4K HDR Camcorder | 
Price: Rs.1,16,990
Record exactly what you see as you like it
Capture life just as you see it in true-to-life 4K3 HDR (HLG) images with the 1.0–type stacked Exmor RS™ CMOS image sensor. The unrivalled performance of Fast Hybrid AF ensures that autofocus and AF tracking are exceptionally precise, responsive and reliable, so you'll have every chance to take fantastic shots of fleeting action. With such professional-calibre capabilities so conveniently at your command, there are no limits to how far this Handycam® can take your shooting ambitions.
Fast Hybrid AF
High-performance AF stays focused even on fast-moving subjects.
4K HDR (HLG)1
Next-generation imaging for more detail, brightness and colour in every shot
Advanced operation
Advanced operating features put more professional results within reach.
Diverse professional recording
Professional functions open up new shooting capabilities.

SPECIFICATIONS of AX700 HDR Camcorder
4K HDR (HLG)1 recording
29.0 mm wide-angle ZEISS Vario-Sonnar T* lens
Up to 273-point phase-detection AF
Versatile manual settings
Up to 960(NTSC)/1000(PAL) fps super slow motion
SENSOR TYPE: 1.0-type (13.2 mm x 8.8 mm) stacked Exmor RS CMOS sensor
EFFECTIVE PIXELS (VIDEO): Approx. 14.2 M pixels (16:9)6
LENS TYPE: ZEISS Vario-Sonnar® T*
OPTICAL ZOOM: 12x
CLEAR IMAGE ZOOM: 4K: 18x, HD: 24x
SCREEN TYPE: 8.8 cm (3.5 type) Xtra Fine LCD™ display (1,555 K) Wide (16:9)

4.2 FDR-AX43 Video Camera
AX43 4K Handycam® with Exmor R™ CMOS sensor | 
Price: Rs.87,990
Built for stability and productivity
Delivering superb solutions for content creators and videographers
With Balanced Optical SteadyShot™ to rival gimbal systems, high-resolution 4K movie recording, and high-quality sound with a unique mic, this Handycam® puts professional production and simple movie sharing within anyone's grasp. 
Suppress camera shake - Gimbal Mechanism Inside
High-resolution 4K recording
High-performance AF
Sound recording with superb natural presence
Ideal for content creators and videographers
Special effects, for high-impact movies

SPECIFICATIONS of AX43 HandyCam
Balanced Optical SteadyShot with 5-axis Intelligent Active mode13
4K Ultra HD (3,840 x 2,160) recording
26.8 mm714 wide-angle ZEISS® Vario-Sonnar T* lens
20x optical zoom with 30x/40x (4K/HD)8 Clear Image Zoom
Highlight Movie Maker
SENSOR TYPE: 1/2.5 type (7.20 mm) back-illuminated Exmor R® CMOS Sensor
EFFECTIVE PIXELS (VIDEO): approx. 8.29 Megapixels (16:9)15
LENS TYPE: ZEISS Vario-Sonnar® T*
OPTICAL ZOOM: 20x
CLEAR IMAGE ZOOM: 4K: 30x, HD: 40x16
SCREEN TYPE: 7.5 cm (3.0 type) Clear Photo LCD display (460,800 dots) Wide (16:9)

HDR-CX470 Video Camera
CX470 Handycam® with Exmor R® CMOS sensor | 
Price: Rs.24,490
Built for stability and productivity
Delivering superb solutions for content creators and videographers
With Balanced Optical SteadyShot™ to rival gimbal systems, high-resolution 4K movie recording, and high-quality sound with a unique mic, this Handycam® puts professional production and simple movie sharing within anyone's grasp. 
Long HD recording with 32 GB built-in memory
CX470 offers 32 GB built-in memory which helps you to capture more memories in high-definition without any hassle. It’s an ideal product for long travel and family meet ups.
Optical SteadyShot™ with Intelligent Active Mode
Advanced image stabilisation keeps footage blur-free, even when the recording circumstances or the user's hands are shaky.
Up to 26.8 mm wide-angle lens
Whether you’re shooting movies or still images, the class-leading wide-angle lens can help you capture more of landscapes shots and indoor scenes, when you don't have enough room to step back. Even without a wide conversion lens, selected camcorders shoot as wide as 26.8 mm2 (16:9 aspect ratio) in movie mode.
Highlight Movie Maker
A versatile tool to streamline movie editing, Highlight Movie Maker offers several time-saving features. Add highlight markers to key moments while recording, and let the software automatically sync your transitions to your chosen soundtrack.
Exceptional image quality
The high bit rate XAVC S format is for videographers ready to take their work to the next level. Delivering incredible quality, XAVC S is built from the XAVC format used by professional filmmakers and broadcasters, while employing intelligent data compression to export consumer-friendly file sizes.
Motion Shot Video
Motion Shot Video plays a sequence of superimposed images that trace recorded action in split-second intervals for you to analyse in detail. During playback, you can adjust the interval, or pause to capture and share a still image.

SPECIFICATIONS of CX470 HandyCam
Optical SteadyShot™ with Intelligent Active Mode
XAVC S (HD 50 Mbps) and AVCHD recording
Exmor R® CMOS sensor
26.8 mm wide-angle ZEISS® lens with 30x optical zoom
60x Clear Image Zoom
SENSOR TYPE: 1 / 5.8 type (3.1 mm) back-illuminated Exmor R® CMOS Sensor
EFFECTIVE PIXELS (VIDEO): approx. 2.29 Megapixels (16:9)8
LENS TYPE: ZEISS® Vario-Tessar®
OPTICAL ZOOM: 30x
CLEAR IMAGE ZOOM: 60x9
SCREEN TYPE: 6.7 cm (2.7 type) Clear Photo LCD display (230 400 dots) Wide (16:9)




Reference : https://www.sony.co.in/electronics
